add documentation for dynamic capa capabilties (#1837)
mandiant/capa: README.md

...
```

Additionally, capa also supports analyzing sandbox reports for identifying capabilities
from dynamic execution traces. This is especially relevant for samples that are either packed or
obfuscated, since static analysis on those samples would likely not yield the desired information.

Currently, capa only supports reports from the [CAPE](https://github.com/kevoreilly/CAPEv2) sandbox. 

> Here's an example run on sample 05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310 which is packed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example run on the packed sample with SHA256 hash 05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310:
```

```yaml

> $ capa 05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310.exe

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need to show this here (in full) although it nicely illustrates the difference between EXE (static) / JSON (dynamic).

Author: maybe omit some of the capabilities, and then use a generic name _packed\_sample.{exe,json}_ instead? also specify the links to that sample's report and executable?

Reviewer: yes, I think using a generic sample is fair
we could just add that the JSON report must be obtained from a CAPE instance

WARNING:capa.capabilities.common:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: This sample appears to be packed.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: 
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: Packed samples have often been obfuscated to hide their logic.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: capa cannot handle obfuscation well. This means the results may be misleading or incomplete.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: If possible, you should try to unpack this input file before analyzing it with capa.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: 
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: Identified via rule: (internal) packer file limitation
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: 
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: Use -v or -vv if you really want to see the capabilities identified by capa.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> $ capa 05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310.json

Reviewer: Should we explain / mention here how the JSON was / can be obtained?

Author: I agree. The sample could be found on malshare I believe but the CAPE reports needs to be pointed to. I'll add hrefs to those.

┍━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┯━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┑
│ md5                    │ 2d22ce41a5af9d807837c50ee168b040                                                                 │
│ sha1                   │ 7bcf08a5efd57426dc61e2c8bd6ef526e487b9b6                                                         │
│ sha256                 │ 05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310                                 │
│ analysis               │ dynamic                                                                                          │
│ os                     │ unknown                                                                                          │
│ format                 │ unknown                                                                                          │
│ arch                   │ unknown                                                                                          │

> │ path                   │ /home/yacine/avast_malware/05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310.json │

Reviewer: maybe simplify the path?

...
```

Additionally, capa also supports analyzing [CAPE](https://github.com/kevoreilly/CAPEv2) sandbox reports for dynamic capabilty extraction.

> In order to use this, you first have to submit your sample to CAPE for analysis, and then pass the generated report to capa as you would an ordinary object file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this, you first submit your sample to CAPE for analysis, and then run capa against the generated report (JSON).
```

Here's an example of running capa against a packed binary, and then running capa against the CAPE report of that binary:

```yaml
$ capa 05be49819139a3fdcdbddbdefd298398779521f3d68daa25275cc77508e42310.exe
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: This sample appears to be packed.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: 
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: Packed samples have often been obfuscated to hide their logic.

> WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: capa cannot handle obfuscation well. This means the results may be misleading or incomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: capa cannot handle obfuscation well using static analysis. This means the results may be misleading or incomplete.
```

> WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: If possible, you should try to unpack this input file before analyzing it with capa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: If possible, you should try to unpack this input file before analyzing it with capa.
WARNING:capa.capabilities.common: Alternatively, run the sample in a supported sandbox and invoke capa against the report to obtain dynamic analysis results.
```

[![Number of rules](https://img.shields.io/badge/rules-847-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mandiant/capa-rules)
[![CI status](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/actions?query=workflow%3ACI+event%3Apush+branch%3Amaster)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/mandiant/capa/total)](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-green.svg)](LICENSE.txt)

capa detects capabilities in executable files.
You run it against a PE, ELF, .NET module, shellcode file, or a sandbox report and it tells you what it thinks the program can do.
For example, it might suggest that the file is a backdoor, is capable of installing services, or relies on HTTP to communicate.

Check out:
- the overview in our first [capa blog post](https://www.mandiant.com/resources/capa-automatically-identify-malware-capabilities)
- the major version 2.0 updates described in our [second blog post](https://www.mandiant.com/resources/capa-2-better-stronger-faster)
- the major version 3.0 (ELF support) described in the [third blog post](https://www.mandiant.com/resources/elfant-in-the-room-capa-v3)

> - the major version 4.0 (.NET support) described in the [fourth blog post](https://www.mandiant.com/resources/blog/capa-v4-casting-wider-net)

Reviewer 2: is this mistakenly duplicated?

Author: ah yes sorry. I've fixed it now.

    namespace: data-manipulation/checksum/crc32
    authors:
      - moritz.raabe@mandiant.com

>     scopes:

Reviewer: I think this rule is outdated and we can find a better example to show a basic rule.

Reviewer: `create TCP socket` may be an intuitive one
